so so I'm going to show you how
clean up his long guinea pig I
take advantage today to make the video
because I have a female who alone
so tight slips we do not see working
or that the halls
google had to do and so I'm going
today clean it so all
first to take him to my room
bath so I use this card there these
little whites and so I'm going to put it
in for the soul in peace so I
take the opportunity to show you where this is
that the halls so we arrived in my
bathroom so I'm going to prepare everything
what it takes to clean it
so I put warm water must not
it's too hot and so I'm going
soaked this little towel in and so
after it is not necessary that there remains water
in and so after I'm going to clean
this part there so we are we clean
not all the guinea pig and you that the
part that is dirty so I put the the
polar moors hair like that so that removes
well all the dirt
I will zoom in to show you sorry
if it's a little blurry and you're here
you see better how I do and so
after she's cleaned up and so
now I'm going to take another
dish towel than this one 20 small dishcloth
nose but I'll take 1 sec for
sinuses
so now that she wiped I'm going to
peynier we enjoy it for penny all
the world that at the bottom of a is so in
it's not a pig brush
of India and but I liked it because
what does she do with tiny pimples
there like that and so festive and well I
the catches have created glide is
now back in his cage have
stalled clean maintenon and so I hope
that it will have helped you to clean your
guinea pig and so my video is over
do not hesitate to like and to leave
comments